Overriding: out_dir = out-rocstories_guan/
Overriding: num_samples = 30
Overriding: max_new_tokens = 150
Overriding: top_k = 60
Overriding: temperature = 0.7
Overriding: start = Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
number of parameters: 123.59M
No meta.pkl found, assuming GPT-2 encodings...
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
The judges took down to a very hard and made the song out to it and Tom called the ball.
Tim was a very good painter.
He liked playing sports.
He found one he really liked for his girlfriend.
He liked the song he had it.
He would be good and didn't like it.
He decided to try and make it to a big smile.
He tried it for a bit but didn't like it.
Tim was on a hike.
He went to the water park.
Tim's car was missing.
Tim accidentally broke it.
He walked over and found the problem.
Tim was thankful and surprised.
It was the entire time they made the park.
The
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
I have a neighbor at a friend's house.
He was in a room with a neighbor's neighbor, and didn't listen to me.
I asked him if he wanted to talk to me.
I told him to go to a room.
He said he had a few weeks ago.
I could not find him.
It was his way to the park.
My dad was not happy.
They could not come back to their house.
My son was very sick.
He was very tired and fell asleep.
He wasn't sure what he wanted to do.
He started getting up and it was too late.
I went to the store.
The store was very long.
It was
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
One time I was losing my weight.
I decided to take a trip to a beach today.
It was hard to be a good time.
But it was very difficult.
When I got there, it felt different.
My friends all brought me a big party.
I was so excited but I decided to go back on a trip.
When I came they were ready, my friends said they would play games.
I told them that they would be going to play.
I tried to play in a game by myself.
I went to the library and told them to play the books.
I purchased the books and watched a few books.
My friends and I had a great time getting ready for the
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
Diane was a poor and was afraid of school.
She decided to take a test out on her test.
Today she got a bad grade and she was nervous.
She looked all around in the class and was excited.
She did well on her test and had her test.
She ended up taking her test.
Tim was excited to be the new kid there.
He had a good time at the day, and he was excited to leave.
He couldn't wait to be going to the park.
Tim got a big truck and was very happy with his dream!
He had to go through a different room and take a back home.
Tim had a very bad dreams and couldn't get the job
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
The kids were playing in a pool.
It was a beautiful success for the kids.
It was fun to watch.
One of the kids were playing on the sidewalk.
The kids were very upset.
They went through the park.
They watched them go for a while.
It was a great day!
The kids were coming out playing with their friends.
They were going to be an argument.
The kids gathered and started to play.
They wanted to watch a movie.
The kids played and got their new show!
Kia was always very good at it.
Today she was putting on some clothes.
She took the stuff she loved the dishes.
Kia dropped them off and
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
Tina tried to start the movie.
She tried everything she liked.
She tried the music and tried it.
She tried it on.
It was too short.
So she had to get it.
She was so excited.
I walked in the air and saw a kid running in the parking lot.
He was very tall and was very fast.
It was the first time he was looking for kids.
He was very careful and really wanted to go to the park.
He practiced day and night for the day.
He had a great time.
The kids were so excited!
They decided to go to the park.
They all spent a long day looking for a run.
It
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
He looked through the window one day and saw his dad and said he could not see what he was there.
Tom called the police and went to the hospital.
Tom had trouble getting a new job.
Tom always wanted to be a rapper.
He worked very hard and needed the job.
He was able to get a job.
Tom did his decision when his wife was able to have a job.
Tom loved his favorite band.
He had a great time.
He had a band she did well on him.
Tom decided to take a trip to a concert.
He got back to the concert and had a great time.
Tom had a great time with his girlfriend.
He was very proud
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
I decided that I would never forgetful and just try out.
I decided on my own and set is now a new one so I'm really unhappy.
I was very happy as I couldn't wait to be able to find my parents.
The day before my mother and I turned on me on a special day.
He said that he never let me like for me.
I don't know how they were playing and a lot.
I went to the store and got a new one.
I found a really nice one there.
I was too embarrassed but it was too hard.
I had never been to a concert this weekend.
I went to a local coffee table.
It was very good.
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
I was always very afraid of that.
I had a crush on a girl who liked me.
I was one of a lot.
She got sick and walked up to her house.
She ended up having a hard time.
I was very upset.
Our mother was very upset.
She was very rude to everyone.
She went to her house and told us she was very nervous.
We were happy that she had a wonderful time.
My friend was on the beach.
She heard a loud noise in the water.
She ran in and knocked up the water.
She had to sit in the water and.
I jumped in the water and started to take a shower.
My friends and
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
I asked my friend if I wanted to play a game today.
He said he would be not be a good friends.
I told him I would not play tennis.
I said he wanted to play.
He said he wanted to get better.
I had to make a new game of basketball.
I bought the game to work and got the game.
I was able to use the game.
I was in a very good job.
I had a big test coming up.
I was very nervous.
I drove to the test and passed.
I was so nervous that I could not do a good grade.
I was very nervous that I didn't get any job.
I was very nervous
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
The crowd went down and the radio and the band had fun.
They looked at the same way and noticed their music and tried again.
They both thought they all did, but still thought it was great!
They were all excited for the first time!
Juan was going to the park with his friends.
He decided to go to the park and make a party.
At the park, he was very excited and nervous.
He was glad to see the new park.
Jared was upset and tired of the new player.
Tiffany was trying to make her first dinner for dinner.
She didn't want to make sure which movie was very sunny.
She finally decided to cook the ingredients.
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
I was running late to work when I was a kid in high school.
I knew that I was too late too.
Fortunately, I felt better about it.
I decided to go to a different store instead.
I was very thankful for the day.
I found a good job and was great with my job.
I found a job in a new house.
Someone told me that my friends would be there online.
I told them they didn't want to pay for money.
They eventually asked for money to buy their cars.
Tom was a new student.
He had a lot of money.
His friends were very angry at it.
Tom's parents didn't care about it.
He
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
One of the end, I went to the park to see what I was in the park.
I saw a strange girl that the next day was coming from me.
We were very upset but asked her to come home.
He was very excited for her.
He went to her and picked her up.
She was very upset and she said she wanted to be a couple of family.
Anna wanted to buy a new computer.
She bought a new one.
At the store, she found the perfect one she liked.
Anna's mom sent her one home and had a new home.
Mary was so excited for her new car!
I was eating at a coffee.
I was walking around.

---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
He was a good at his favorite movie he was very good at first.
He decided to go to the movie and become a good cook.
He is now a terrible person.
His parents had never been good friends for his birthday.
Tim's parents invited him to a party.
Tim was able to find out why.
He had been a great time.
My school day I was very busy.
I had to go to a shower to use the water bottle.
I went to the store and bought my new ones.
I was able to get one more and it.
I had a great time with my new bed.
I had a great time.
It was a good summer.
I
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
Tom was trying to get rid of the problem.
He was able to play a lot of the game.
He did not realize he was too drunk.
He decided to take a break to a race but he did not have an adventure.
He got a good job as a kid who did poorly on his own video games.
Tim was on a very long drive.
His car was hurting.
Tim did not get in the car accident.
Tim eventually did not have enough and get the car.
Tom was walking in the store.
He was going to get some food.
Tom was going to take a flat.
He was driving home.
He took a long walk.
Tom noticed a flat
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
Eddie had a very speciality of her.
He had always wanted to learn a new car.
He decided to go to a new bike for the park.
His parents decided to have a new car.
He found the car that the next day.
Eddie is happy that he is very happy with his own car.
The man was a new boy.
He loved the boy who loved to play on the park.
He was a great and had fun.
The boy had a hard time.
He could not wait to get the ball.
He was very excited!
The kids were playing in the house.
The neighbors were getting in for a long drive.
They got out
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
Now, I find a great deal for a new game instead.
The game was playing.
The game was coming in the game.
The game was broken.
The game was in the game.
The next game was so loud.
The teams were happy that they were not impressed.
The kids were very excited to have some fun.
They would always stay in the park that day.
The boys were at the park and the park.
They were all excited to go play.
They stood in the park and got to the park.
They went to the park and had a great time.
Their dad never seen the beach again.
He was afraid of them.
He had to go to
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
He never found a few friends and was good friends.
He even got a lot of people who asked for the bar.
He had a lot of friends.
He tried a few different methods to play at a lot.
The neighbors were not impressed.
He ended up bringing the kids to a nice party.
We were walking by the park.
We were sitting down to go to the park.
We heard a loud noise in the grass.
We got out to get out of the park.
We started to run around.
We found a dog.
We were sitting at the store.
We had to turn around.
We bought a new dog.
We were not pleased with the puppy.
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
He was a great with friends, but he thought he would be an astronaut.
At first he knew he was a very good, but he knew he would be a great chef.
He would often start playing video games and exercise and then was always a great.
He decided to adopt a new puppy, and the dog named him.
I went to the store to get some music.
I found a very nice pair.
I asked the employee to stop.
He said he didn't have any money.
He said it was time to go with me.
He had to get the shoes done.
We had a great new shoes.
We wanted the shoes.
We were going to the store for a
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
John was a very good kid at school.
He decided to play a game to play video games all afternoon.
He decided to play video games and try a lot.
He practiced very hard for playing and a day.
He made a lot of money.
Finally he came down with his friends.
His friends all agreed.
My brother and I decided to play games.
We were a good time playing.
We moved into a new house.
We wanted to play games all summer.
We also made a lot of games and enjoyed the games.
We were happy we wanted to leave the next season.
Joe was always very good at football.
He decided to try out for a practice.

---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
The first time I was getting on, and I ran on a seat in a field.
I had to ride the train the river.
It was the other day I was exhausted.
I didn't want to go to bed.
So I went to the beach last week.
The beach was very cold.
So I went to the beach and got some food.
I started to go back home.
I was so upset that I ran.
I had to take my two hours to the beach.
I had to wait for my family to go to the beach.
I went to the beach and had a great time.
While I was in my house I was very excited.
I was very excited
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
Tim was reading the book for friends.
He was an ad on his first book.
He was a big trouble on his way.
He decided to see a lot of the book on one.
He got a book and tried it to get it too hard.
A small necklace was a lot on his phone.
He asked his wife to go to the store that night.
Tim agreed to have a new favorite book.
My friend, I, I was a great time.
We visited the library.
We had a great time.
We all had a bad time.
Tina had been working for years.
So she decided to take a break.
It was too hard.
She was
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
Jackie and a friend Jane had been married for a week.
They were trying to have a baby for years but they couldn't finish it.
When they finally decided on one they never found out.
They started by the baby's body was extremely happy.
They both had a wonderful baby and they took it home and the kitten.
My niece has a test tomorrow.
She has been studying hard on studying.
When she got to class one test, she had it all her test.
She has been studying for an hour.
She ended up taking it to the exam.
I have been studying for years.
He is getting some cashier than me.
He sees a girl running around the door
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
My son bought a new car.
He was very excited to do a lot of it.
He did not want to listen to the car.
He had to use the car so he gave the car a big tire.
He picked up the car.
He got a flat tire.
He got the bike as he could.
I was in a high school.
I took a big test.
The teacher was tired during the test.
Nate was sleeping in the morning.
He broke his stomach.
He tried his mom to take him home.
Nina had to go to the doctor.
He had to clean up and get a broken leg.
It was his first first time at work
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
At first I was a kid in high school I was about to play.
I looked around and saw several people on the game.
I made sure to learn about them for a different film.
I took them home and have to play with them all the other day.
I guess I will be the best of one day until I play.
I had a great time at the park.
I went to the park and go.
I walked past the park and looked at the park.
I was very upset.
I walked down to play with the park.
I was tired of my favorite game.
I went to the park.
I realized I was out at the park.
The park was very
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
Yesterday, a little girl in a room and asked for help get her.
The girl was so proud and didn't know what to do.
She ran through her room and turned the kitchen.
She realized that she wasn't too late.
Tom was at a party.
He had a party party.
He got bored and felt silly.
He tried to throw it up.
Unfortunately it was too tight.
Tom was able to get a party.
A friend of our friend was at school.
He had a lot of plans for the night in the night.
They decided to go to a fair.
He played together and watched the games he was playing.
He enjoyed his experience and had a
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
Kia was starting a big fan of state.
She was always very nervous about her performance.
One day, she read a lot of music.
She had a lot of fun thinking about it.
But she had to do her name in a lot.
She had only studied and studied!
She was so proud of herself!
My boyfriend's wife bought a new bicycle.
She had never been on a bike before.
I went to the store to go buy food.
I saw a nice pair of popcorn.
I went to the store to buy two.
When I got there, I was able to use the station.
Kia was a very important meeting today.
She was nervous about
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
She was so hungry she loved watching the music.
She made a lot of time and waited for her friends to go to the show.
She told her friends that she wasn't very nice to play.
They all said she could no longer be a bit more fun.
She got a new toy and gave it to it to her.
She was glad she didn't feel like the movie on.
I was really nervous to pass my class.
I was very nervous about the class.
I was very nervous and got a lot of things to make sure.
When the class was done, I didn't want to go well.
I was very nervous for the class.
I was very nervous when I was
---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
I was very proud of the other people that I had ever seen a lot of people.
I was on a date with a guy with me.
I went to the movies with all the other night.
He was very excited to go.
He was very nervous around doing so.
He decided to take her.
She was so happy.
The kids were going to the park.
They were going to play a game.
They played for an hour.
They decided to stop.
They couldn't wait to see the park.
It was so excited that they made it again.
The kids were very upset.
They were happy when they were all very happy.
They were very nervous.

---------------
Complete the following text within five sentences:I was playing catch with some friends outside.
The game was a small and the game was tied.
The ball hit a tree right by the wall.
The deer ran down the tree and saw the ball.
The ball hit the ball all over the tree.
The ball hit the ball and it hit the ball.
I had it all the whole time.
Sam was playing in school.
He was trying to play a game.
Sam began to play.
He decided to go to college.
He found a great job.
Sam was happy with his money in order.
My son went to a new apartment today.
He came and told me he was having a good time.
He said he was wearing a black laptop.
We did
---------------
